(Yuya)
Previously on
Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V...
(man)
Zuzu Boyle...
What do you want?
We have you surrounded.
Director, we have the fugitive
and her accomplices in custody.
Well done.
Bring them in
immediately.
(Sora)
Heads up!
Sora!
Looks like
I'm late to the party‐‐
hope you don't mind
if I drop in!
You told me
they were in custody!
Yes... director...
but some kid who can Fusion
Summon got in our way.
Fusion.
It must be Sora.
Attention, security...
Zuzu Boyle hasevaded
apprehension.
If you spot her,
arrest her on sight.
Use any means necessary.
And when I say by any means,
I mean by any means!
Battling for a spot
in the semifinals is...
Yugo and Celina!
Sergey and Yuya are
very important to me.
But so is Celina.
For the city
to be all mine,
these three are instrumental
in my plans
for a total checkmate.
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Sora...
I'm counting on you.
You have to keep Zuzu
safe from Roget.
Because the sooner
we're all back together,
the sooner we can stop
all the fighting.
And get home.
(crowd, chanting)
We love Yugo! We love Yugo!
We love Yugo...
Well, Rin Rin,
I'm one step closer
to the finals.
The sun may be setting,
but not on our dreams
of winning the Friendship Cup.
I wish you could
be here with me...
well, I guess
you kinda were with me,
'cause I met that girl
that looks just like you.
Mark my words.
I will win
this duel for you, Rin.
Promise.
Look! Celina is
moseying on over
to the startin' line...
(crowd, chanting)
Celina! Celina! Celina!
So, you're the next chump
to lose to me, huh?
Huh?
You've better have
brought your "A" game
'cause I'm coming at you
with everything I got!
Are you hearin' me?
You will be lucky
to make it through
in one piece‐‐
now, let's duel!
Huh?
(laughing)
It's you!
Huh?
Rin!
I said duel,
not drool!
(thinking)
Wait... Rin...
is that the girlZuzu
was talking about?
The one who
looks like us?
(man)
What's got into Yugo?
(man 2)
Looked like
a knuckle sandwich.
Rin?
I'm not Rin!
The name's Celina!
Course, you are...
oopsie.
If you really
aren't Rin,
why do you have the same
bad breath as her?
Take a hike!
Aaah!
Rin Rin!
Take a seat!
Take a hint!
Rin Rin!
Take off!
Reckon there's
a mix‐up down there.
Looks like Yugo's mistakin'
Celina for a friend o' his,
And Celina's gone
n' mistaken Yugo
for a walkin',
talkin' punchin' bag.
Oh, yeah.
There's supposed to be
a duel happenin'!
So, whaddaya say
we start off
the final match
of the second round?
Let's fire up the Action Field
Crossover Acceleration!
Duel Mode engaged!
Autopilot standing by.
Standing by?
But my Runner's
not even standing up!
(Melissa)
On your mark...
get set... go!
(both)
Let's duel!
Whoa! Celina took off
like a bolt of lightning!
If she high tails it past
the Duel Palace gates first,
she'll get to go first!
Dear Celina,
it's imperative
you win this match.
As such, I'll assist
as best I can.
Patch me into
the course control grid
and be on standby.
(man)
Yes, director.
(thinking)
Okay, so maybe that
isn't Rin Rin.
But Celina looks
just like her.
Just like Zuzu did.
Funny thing is,
Rin Rin and I always
dreamt about dueling each
other in front of a big
crowd.
I guess, in a way, we're
finally getting our wish.
And I gotta say,
it feels as rockin'
as I thought it would.
Hey! What's with
the silly grin on your face?
You're seriously
weirding me out, buddy.
So snap out of it!
Come on,
I saw your duel with Sylvio,
I know you got game.
Huh?
I want your very best.
Buh... uh?
I know you got game.
I want your very best.
Suuuure!
Whoa!
Yugo takes the lead!
And he's first
through the gates
so he gets to go first!
All right!
Let's get
this duel started!
And, hey, what better way
is there to start than
with a steady beat?
I summon Speedroid
Den‐Den Daiko Duke!
Then I'll end my turn.
What?
That's really
your very best?
A measly monster with
just 1200 attack points?
Uh...
Guess it didn't
occur to you
to maybe play
a facedown as well?
Remember the time
I said that you got game?
I take it back.
It's my turn now!
I summon Lunalight
Purple Butterfly!
Take flight!
Next I'll play
Polymerization
'cause only a fool
plays one card!
So I made a mistake‐‐
let it go, Rin.
Call me 'Rin'
one more time,
and you'll really
start to understand
the meaning of the word
"mistake"‐‐ got it?
Now then,
where was I?
Ahh, yes, the spell
Polymerization.
With it,
I fuse together
Lunalight Blue Cat
and Lunalight White Rabbit!
By combining the powers of
these two magnificent monsters,
I can create
a new lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon
Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Celina's
summoning skills
are as slick as
a cat's reflexes!
Now, Cat Dancer's
special ability activates!
By tributing
one of my monsters,
she can attack twice.
Huh? That doesn't
sound fair!
So, say so long
to Lunalight Purple Butterfly
and hello to Cat Dancer's
first attack!
Blast 'em!
B last 'em!
Rin...
Lunalight
Cat Dancer... go!
It's not all bad‐‐
one drawback
of Dancer's special ability
is that your monster survives
the initial attack.
(growling)
That's hardly a drawback.
After all,
Yugo still takes damage,
and at this rate
his life points will be
runnin' on empty
in no time!
Okay, Cat Dancer,
time for take two.
let Daiko Duke
have it once more!
Go Full Moon Mayhem!
Yugo's already lost
2400 life points!
Can he mount a comeback,
or will Celina continue
to sink her claws in?
(Melissa)
Yugo's already lost
2400 life points!
Can he mount a comeback,
or will Celina continue
to sink her claws in?
I must say, I've always
been more of a dog person,
but this Celina's not bad.
I completely agree, darling‐‐
she certainly is the cat's meow.
Yay, Celina!
You give me
the chickenpimples.
Let's go, Yugo, otherwise,
change your name to Yu‐can't!
I'm in a real
bad spot...
(Rin Rin)
You just need
to focus, Yugo!
Seriously!
If you weren't always
getting distracted,
you'd be on the podium
winning a trophy.
And not
some bath towels.
You've gotta learn
to concentrate.
Can you do that
for me?
All right,
fine‐‐ I will!
I will...
for you, Rin.
All right, Yugo.
Time to get going.
(straining)
Man, you can't keep me
all alone in here.
Wait, I'm not alone.
I'm never alone as long as
I have my friends in my deck.
You're up‐‐
I end my turn!
Then I'll finally begin.
And this time, Celina,
with my very best.
Because I made
a promise to Rin Rin,
and it's a promise
I won't break!
And it all
adds up to me winning.
Too bad, 'cause
come my next turn,
I'm taking you down,
Yugo.
Sure, give me
your very best.
'Cause no matter
what you think,
this duel isn't over yet.
Not even close.
Don't believe me?
No problem!
You will soon enough!
It's my turn!
Time for me
to go supersonic!
I'm summoning
my spinning sidekick
Speedroid Terrortop!
But there's more.
Next, I'm rolling out this.
It's an eyeful.
Here's looking at you,
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
But I won't be
getting too attached
'cause I'm tuning Level 1
Red‐Eyed Dice
with my Level 3
Terrortop!
I Synchro Summon...
Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle!
(Melissa)
And just like that,
Yugo's back in the saddle
and ready to battle.
So you were finally able
to make a decent move.
But my monster's still
the strongest out on the field.
Sorry, Yugo,
but I'm still not impressed.
I agree with you, Celina,
you shouldn't be
impressed yet.
What?
Synchro Summoning
some super cool monster
doesn't make up
for my slow start.
But I'm redlining now.
And that's
how I like to duel!
Ya know, in the moment‐‐
making it up as I go.
Trusting in some luck!
That's no way to duel!
You have to have
a plan to win!
Plans are overrated.
Huh?
But not this guy!
And I think that
you'll agree once you see
its special ability!
When it battles a monster,
its attack points double!
Now, go!
Yugo's making his move.
If this attack connects,
Celina will be
completely defenseless!
Adjust course point
delta five to gamma 10.
This should get Celina
back on the right track.
(computer voice)
Changing Course Point
delta five to gamma ten.
Huh? What's happening?
(voice)
Course change initiated.
Course change
initiated.
(computer beeping)
Hey, my Duel Runner's
zigging instead of zagging!
Aah!
Oh, man‐‐
this is gonna be close!
(straining)
Oh, man! That twist
nearly twisted Yugo!
Shifting gears is
one thing,
but shifting courses
isdownright dangerous!
This new path
will lead Celina
straight to an Action Card
that will be rather useful.
An Action Card!
I play the Action Spell
Big Escape!
So, now your attack
is no good!
Well, that stinks
'cause now my Puzzle's
attack points are gonna
drop all the way back down
to a measly 1300.
Celina sure got
lucky there!
That course change
changed the course
of this entire duel!
Yugo can't be happy!
Aww, I totally
thought I had ya!
Huh?
Nice pick up back there!
You got some
serious skills!
(chuckling)
But they're seriously
no match for me
and my monsters!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(chuckling)
It looks like the Director
is up to new tricks.
Celina's victory is
close at hand.
The only thing
left to do now is squeeze!
Hey Yugo, 'member when I said
I was gonna beat you next turn?
Well, next turn is now!
Uh‐oh, I don't like
the sound of this.
Celina doesn't
just look like Rin.
She's tough like her, too.
Maybe more!
Here goes!
First, I summon
Lunalight Black Sheep!
And next I play
the spell Polymerization!
I fuse
Lunalight Black Sheep
and Lunalight
Cat Dancer!
By combining the reflexes
of a fierce feline
with the cunning covertness
of a stealthy beast,
I can create
a new lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon!
Now, appear,
sleek creature of the night,
and ready
those razor sharp claws!
Lunalight Panther Dancer is
on the prowl!
But I'm not done yet,
and neither is my Black Sheep!
When it's used
to Fusion Summon,
I can bring it back to my hand
from my graveyard!
Panther Dancer...
Pounce!
Attack Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle!
Uh‐oh, it looks
like Yugo could be
takin' a permanent cat nap!
(growling)
I can declaw this!
Puzzle's special ability
activates,
doubling
its attack points!
Smart play! Since Puzzle has
more attack points,
Yugo will take
less damage.
As though I didn't
see that coming.
Panther Dancer's
special ability activates!
It lets me attack
your monster twice!
Wait‐‐ wasn't that the ability
of your other monster, too?!
Yep, seems like
my Cats enjoy
digging their claws
into your monsters
and treating them
like a scratching post.
Looks like Yugo's life points
have sprung a leak!
And it sure looks like
your Puzzle's attack points
have sprung
a leak as well!
Oh, man, she sure
had this planned!
Celina has the monsters,
life points, and momentum.
This duel's done.
Well, Yugo,
this is it.
No! I can't
go out like this!
(Melissa)
Looks like Yugo is really
starting to panic here.
(thinking) C'mon,
Yugo, you gotta win.
For Rin Rin.
But how?
I got it!
Here goes!
Oh, no!
An Action Card!
Adjust course point
Zulu Lima Two
to Delta Mike One.
(siren blaring)
(voice)
Course change initiated.
Course change
initiated.
Seriously?
The duel course
changed again?
Something's up for sure.
(Melissa)
Land sakes‐‐ 'cause
of the course change,
Yugo couldn't lasso
that Action Card!
(chuckling)
How unexpected.
Roget's constant
interfering
has made this duel
more entertaining!
Talk about bad luck.
I can't catch
a break here.
It's like...
someone has it out for me
or something.
First, Celina lucks
into an Action Card,
and then I luck
outta one.
So much for winning this
for Rin Rin.
I really believed
I could deliver a "W,"
but I was all wrong.
Makes me wonder
what Rin Rin ever saw in me.
(Rin Rin) Make up
your mind already!
Come on!
You've been staring
at your hand
for almost
an hour now, Yugo!
You don't have any moves
left to make!
Face it.
The duel's over!
I've won!
Just give up!
No way, Rin!
That's one move
I'll never make!
(sighing)
Yeah, I know.
And...
that's one of my favorite things
about you, Yugo,
that no matter what,
you never give up.
Oh, yeah!
That's what she saw!
The course has changed,
but you losing... hasn't!
Panther Dancer,
attack Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle
and shred the rest
of Yugo's life points!
Panther Dancer,
attack Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle
and shred the rest
of Yugo's life points!
It's a long shot,
but I play the trap card
Re‐Dyce‐Cle!
First, I have
to choose a Synchro Monster
in my Extra Deck
that I want to summon.
So I choose
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Odd‐Eyes...
Next, I summon a Dice monster
from my graveyard.
So, come on out,
Red‐Eyed Dice.
Then I roll a die,
and Red‐Eyed Dice's Level
becomes the number I roll.
So, if I want
to Synchro Summon
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
I gotta roll a three!
If not,
all the monsters I have out,
well, they won't be
out for long.
They'll be destroyed.
That's some risk
you're taking!
So then it all comes down
to this one die roll!
You said you wanted me to give
you my very best, Celina,
well, I'm giving you
my best and my all!
Here goes.
Come on, number three!
What‐‐ no way!
Yeah‐‐ yes way!
My Red‐Eyed Dice's
Level becomes 3!
And now...
Level 3 Red‐Eyed Dice
tunes with Level 4
Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Absolutely astoundin'!
All thanks
to one roll of the die,
Yugo may now be rolling
on to a big victory!
In case
you hadn't noticed,
my monster still has
more attack points,
So really,
not much has changed.
Are you sure?
'Cause you should always
expect the unexpected!
(roaring)
(Yuya)
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon?
Celina?
Time to end this!
(both)
Here I go...
Showtime!